Context

The growth of supermarkets in most populated cities are increasing and market competitions are also high. The dataset is one of the historical sales of supermarket company which has recorded in 3 different branches for 3 months data. Predictive data analytics methods are easy to apply with this dataset.

Attribute information

Invoice id: Computer generated sales slip invoice identification number

Branch: Branch of supercenter (3 branches are available identified by A, B and C).

City: Location of supercenters

Customer type: Type of customers, recorded by Members for customers using member card and Normal for without member card.

Gender: Gender type of customer

Product line: General item categorization groups - Electronic accessories, Fashion accessories, Food and beverages, Health and beauty, Home and lifestyle, Sports and travel

Unit price: Price of each product in $

Quantity: Number of products purchased by customer

Tax: 5% tax fee for customer buying

Total: Total price including tax

Date: Date of purchase (Record available from January 2019 to March 2019)

Time: Purchase time (10am to 9pm)

Payment: Payment used by customer for purchase (3 methods are available – Cash, Credit card and Ewallet)

COGS: Cost of goods sold

Gross margin percentage: Gross margin percentage

Gross income: Gross income

Rating: Customer stratification rating on their overall shopping experience (On a scale of 1 to 10)

Acknowledgements

Thanks to all who take time and energy to perform Kernels with this dataset and reviewers.

Purpose

This dataset can be used for predictive data analytics purpose.

(Portuguese)

Contexto

O crescimento dos supermercados nas cidades mais populosas está aumentando e as competições de mercado também são altas. O conjunto de dados é uma das vendas históricas da empresa de supermercados que registrou dados em 3 filiais diferentes por 3 meses. Os métodos de análise preditiva de dados são fáceis de aplicar com este conjunto de dados.

Informações do atributo

ID da fatura: Número de identificação da fatura do recibo de venda gerado por computador

Filial: Filial do supercentro (estão disponíveis 3 filiais identificadas por A, B e C).

Cidade: Localização dos supercentros

Tipo de cliente: Tipo de clientes registados por Sócios para clientes com cartão de sócio e Normal para sem cartão de sócio.

Sexo: Tipo de sexo do cliente

Linha de produtos: Grupos de categorização geral de itens - Acessórios eletrônicos, Acessórios de moda, Alimentos e bebidas, Saúde e beleza, Casa e estilo de vida, Esportes e viagens

Preço unitário: Preço de cada produto em $

Quantidade: Número de produtos comprados pelo cliente

Imposto: taxa de imposto de 5% para a compra do cliente

Total: preço total incluindo impostos

Data: Data da compra (Registro disponível de janeiro de 2019 a março de 2019)

Horário: Hora da compra (10h às 21h)

Pagamento: Pagamento usado pelo cliente para compra (3 métodos estão disponíveis – Dinheiro, Cartão de Crédito e Ewallet)

CMV: Custo das mercadorias vendidas

Porcentagem de margem bruta: Porcentagem de margem bruta

Renda bruta: Renda bruta

Classificação: classificação da estratificação do cliente em sua experiência geral de compra (numa escala de 1 a 10)

Reconhecimentos

Obrigado a todos que dedicaram tempo e energia para executar Kernels com este conjunto de dados e revisores.

Propósito

Este conjunto de dados pode ser usado para fins de análise de dados preditivos.
